[UPD] Split calendar event report in a new module (#526)
savoirfairelinux/project-addons: calendar_event_report/README.rst

Project Event
=============

> This module adds the reports for calendar event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds two reports for calendar event: a report for a single meeting (calendar event) and a weekly report of meetings (calendar event)
```
